we also have some exclusive bottles here
and I'm take us on a mini tour your most
exclusive yes may I yes please I'd love
to okay well let's go this way past our
Signature Series Wall of Fame these are
all Magnum balls that are signed by the
wine babe looks like a very intimidating
wall but see but it's a friendly wall
it's really not intimidating it's just
yummy stuff that each of these bottles
is signed by the winemaker or the
vineyard owners and so it's our
signature series Wall of Fame but here
is the secret closet inside of the
custom cellar where we keep all of our
very special tools and that's where
we're keeping our high and collectibles
like screaming eagle one of the most
sought-after highly collected cabernet
sauvignon produced in California and
certainly the world this is new world
collectible then things like Chris
ringland Shiraz where there are only
twelve hundred bottles made each year
this is the 98 it could get a hundred
points although we're not always looking
at points we're looking at just pledged
delicious I always liked it because when
you have something like bottle number 24
out of 1200 s just always a good thing
it's exciting a sponge on for us and
then we will also have explosive in the
amazing you know older vintages things
like 1959 Chateau Latour and you know we
have 61 and in 1980
through that label a while right I mean
it just tells you a surreal patina right
that's like Disney magic oh this isn't
disney magic right here this is the real
deal we even had dammit Arthur made up
of 27 litre bottle for us that's three
cases of wine in one bottle of his
reserve point elevation 1147 that we
opened and poured for tommy lasorda's
80th birthday party that we had here and
you know Tommy Lasorda Hall of Famer is
in the American Baseball of Fame is also
in the Canadian baseball hall of fame
from all of his years you know with
Toronto he's just beloved by all of us
in the skipper you know he's 80 giddy
years old and it is birthday did and
said well we want to open this 27 litre
bottle that's three cases in one bottle
of one how would you pour that oh very
carefully into these decanters and then
from the decanter into the glass so it
doesn't matter that the bottle is huge I
mean how does it matter with the taste
and the does have a bearing on the taste
of the wine if its age them a lot of
that large it well it does actually it's
a great question because the larger the
bottle the slower the wine lage the
smaller the container the faster the
wine will age so you know when Apollo
that sighs oh my gosh the thing could
live for 50 years it would just live for
a long time a large-format Hall of this
size will live longer than a regular
single bottle but something like this
you know you got three cases of wine in
one bottle and then that's it's the
largest bottle we've ever served here
certainly what was cool about it was the
winemaker give us this bottle for
Tommy's party so Ted you told us we want
a poor glass for everybody in the
restaurant so we poured a glass of this
for everybody in the restaurant and when
I brought Tommy out of the private room
everybody in the restaurant was standing
up with
with a glass of this wine toasting in
fruit parfaits great free moments I was
one of the most awesome moments we have
her in effortless